# PSVMode test casestudyABZ2024-tastdmodel
Mechanical Lung Ventilator ABZ2024 Case Study

## Description

our warehouse is mainly made up of the following elements:
- the .eastd file, which contains the eastd specification for the case study.
- the .json file, which corresponds to the JSON generated by eastd and used by cASTD to generate the C++ code.
- the config.txt file, which contains the default values for the various controller input attributes in accordance with the specification.
- the readConfig.cpp file, which is our utility file containing the complex Parameters type used in the specification to store attribute values and containing the functions for reading the configuration file and saving attribute values in the configuration file when the ventilator is switched off.
- the execution folder contains the various test cases carried out on our specification. For each test case we have an input file containing all the commands executed for the test case and an output file containing the output obtained during the test. Due to certain limitations in our cASTD tool, we were unable to test our overall specification, but divided it into sub-modules that we tested individually. We have a test module for the PCV mode, a test module for the PSV mode and a test module covering the other controller states, namely Start-up, SelfTest, FailSafe, VentilationOff, and so on.




## ReadTheDocs

Check our full documentation [online](https://castd.readthedocs.io/).

## Slack channel

Join project discussions [here](https://astd-cse.slack.com/)
